UbiCrypt License 1.0

UbiCrypt software and its included text are Copyright by Giancarlo Frison.

Definitions

 1. This Package is defined as all of the files within any archive
    file or any group of files released in conjunction by the Owner,
    or a derived or modified work based on such files.

 2. A *Modification*, or a Mod, is defined as instructions, to be
    performed manually or in an automated manner, that alter any part
    of this Package.

 3. A *Modified Package* is defined as this Package or a derivative of it.

 4. *Distribution* is defined as allowing one or more other people to in
    any way download or receive a copy of this Package, or a derivative of this Package.

 5. The *Software* is defined as an installed copy of this Package, 
    or a derivative of this Package.

 6. The UbiCrypt *Repository* is defined as
    http://www.github.com/gfrison/ubicrypt .
 
 7. The *Owner* is Giancarlo Frison
 
    Email:          giancarlo@gfrison.com
    
    PGP Public Key: https://keybase.io/gfrison/key.asc
    
 8. *You* means an individual or entity exercising rights under
    this License who has not previously violated the terms of this License
    with respect to the Work, or who has received express permission from
    the Licensor to exercise rights under this License despite a previous
    violation.

Agreement

 1. Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify and/or
    distribute this Package, provided that:

    a. All copyright notices within source files and as generated by
       the Software as output are retained, unchanged.

    b. Any Distribution of this Package, includes this license 
       and is released under the terms of this Agreement. 
       This clause is not dependant upon any
       measure of changes made to this Package.

    c. This Package, and derivative works may not
       be sold or released under any paid license. Copying fees for
       the transport of this Package, support fees for installation or
       other services, and hosting fees for hosting the Software may,
       however, be imposed.

     d. Any Distribution of this Package, is granted only when the Package 
       is not Modified, and the Package has been distributed by the owner 
       through the website or through the repository.

 2. You may make Modifications to this Package or a derivative of it,
    and submit your Modifications in a form  of pull-request to UbiCrypt repository.
    The following restrictions apply to Modifications:

     a. A Modification must not alter or remove any copyright notices
        in the Software or Package, generated or otherwise.

     b. When a Modification to the Package is submitted, a
        non-exclusive royalty-free right is granted to the Owner
        to distribute the Modification in future versions of the
        Package provided such versions remain available under the
        terms of this Agreement in addition to any other license(s) of
        the initial developer.

     c. Any Distribution of a Modified Package is expressively forbidden.

 3. Permission is hereby also granted to distribute programs which
    depend on this Package, provided that you do not distribute any
    Package without express written consent.


 4. The Owner reserves the right to change the terms of this
    Agreement at any time, although those changes are not retroactive
    to past releases. Changes to this document will be announced via
    UbiCrypt repository. Failure to receive notification of a change does not make those changes
    invalid. A current copy of this Agreement can be found on the
    UbiCrypt repository.

 5. This Agreement will terminate automatically if you fail to comply
    with the limitations described herein. Upon termination, you must
    destroy all copies of this Package, the Software, and any
    derivatives within 48 hours.
    
 6. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer. 
    THIS WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", "WHERE IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR 
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR GUARANTEES. YOU, THE USER, ASSUME ALL RISK IN ITS USE, 
    INCLUDING COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT, PATENT INFRINGEMENT, SUITABILITY, ETC.
    AUTHOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS,
    INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
    MERCHANTABLE QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ANY WARRANTY
    OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT THE WORK (OR ANY PORTION THEREOF) 
    IS CORRECT, USEFUL OR BUG-FREE. 
    YOU MUST PASS THIS DISCLAIMER ON WHENEVER YOU DISTRIBUTE THE WORK OR DERIVATIVE WORKS.
 
 7. Indemnity. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Author and the Publisher 
    from and against any claims, suits, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses 
    (including reasonable legal or attorneys’ fees) resulting from or relating to any use of the Work by You.

 8. Limitation on Liability. 
    EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL 
    THE AUTHOR OR THE PUBLISHER BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, 
    INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE 
    OR THE USE OF THE WORK OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE AUTHOR OR THE PUBLISHER 
    HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
